CPS-0023? | Cardano Multi Asset Treasury (CMAT) (#1103)
cardano-foundation/CIPs: CPS-0023/community-discussion.md

# Cardano Summit 2025 Day 0 Community Discussion

> In Cardano Summiy 2025 Day 0 Governance Day, this topic has been widely discussed in 2 sessions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At Cardano Summit 2025 Day 0 Governance Day, this topic has been widely discussed in 2 sessions:
```
